Q7

Are predicates only made from IF statements?
	False
	
Internal Variables are used in predicates but are not inputs to the program under test
	True
	
How many clauses does a for statement have?
	can have more than 1, if it's coded that way
	for statements have 1 predicate
	
Correlated active coverage and predicate coverage are the same for one predicate?
	T
How many predicates does the thermostat example have?
	2
	
Does finding input values that get predicate under test solve reachability?
	No, it's solves controllability
	
Q6
	Graph problem
		Know how to draw for, while and nested loops on graph
		Know how to use line numbers in the node circle to make the flow clear
		Know how to create edge list
		Know how to create edge pair coverage (node tuples) aka lists of three (are these prime paths?)
		
		Test paths, always start on first and end on last
		
		Immediatly reachable are directly reachable
		Reachable nodes are any node downstream
		
Q5

	Set quiz
		Completeness
		Disjointness
		
		Partitions and base choice
		
		
		Characteristc: Validity of S1
			s1 = null
			s1 = {}
			s1 has 1 element
			
		Charactersitic: Relations between s1 and s2
			s1 and s2 same
			s1 is subset of s2
			s2 is subset of s1
			s1 and s2 do not have elements in common
			
		a.) does the validity of s1 cover completness?
			yes
			
		b.) does the validity of s1 cover disjointness?
			yes
			
		c.) does relation of s1 and s2 cover completness?
			no, s1 and s2 might share elements that are not subsets
			
		d.) does relation of s1 and s2 cover disjointness?
			no, because if s1 and s2 are the same set then they are also subsets of eachother
			
		e.) if the base choice criterion were applied to the two paritions, how many test requirements would result?
			A (3 tests)
			B (4 tests)
			bcc = 1 + (3-1) + (4-1) = 6		
		
Q4
	Will a test C2 that subsumes C1 always find more faults?
		False
		
		
	Suppose a restraunt sells
		tacos		hamburgers		fried chicken
		soft		w cheese		
		crunchy 	wout chese
		
		this is a controllability problem, because we are editing input values
		
		
	Same problem, coverage criterion says taste each type of food. Boss says to try new hot sauce before each test
	
		redundancy
		
	Test criteria usually result in more test than human based test?
		not true, criteria is more systematic so there is a stop and edit point
		human won't see stop and end point
		
Q2
	XML takes more space than traditional files
		true
		
	when coding for change use every optomization possible
		false, optomized code is harder to maintain
		write nice clean code that is easy to understand
		
Q1
	my program printed the wrong test because and if test used an "and" instead of an "or"
	suppose a test tested for if(A || B). What test values we need for A, B to see failure of program?

		consider the common things between and and or in the test
		
	most programmers assign their best developers to maintenence
		true